:rocket: **Whitepaper just dropped** :rocket:

Hey @everyone! :star2: We've dropped the **[Legends of SOL Whitepaper](https://github.com/Legends-of-Sol/whitepaper)** and here's the highlights:

- **$LEGEND Airdrop History:** Launched on Jan 16, 2024, we've distributed 662M $LEGEND to 3769 claimers launching Legends into the stratosphere.

- **Team Makeup:** We have the most kick-ass team of seasoned Solana enjoyoooors you've ever seen covering community engagement, technical development, and strategic partnerships.

- **Discord Growth:** Our community has grown to over 2,273 members and our retention is off the hook (probably something). :raised_hands:

- **$LEGEND Tokenomics:** With a max supply of ℒ4,206,969,420, $LEGEND serves as our ecosystem's primary currency, fueling transactions and community decision-making.

- **The Choice NFT:** The cornerstone of our universe, in the very near future we'll be offering hot-swappable traits and a trait marketplace with an aim to revolutionize the Solana NFT ecosystem.

- **Future Plans:** We're focused on adding real utility to "The Choice" NFT, sentiment analysis tools, and fostering a circular economy for NFT traits. This is where the alpha is.

:rocket: **Trait alpha** :rocket:

There's a [reveal in the future plans](https://github.com/Legends-of-Sol/whitepaper?tab=readme-ov-file#the-chooser) and the traits we've created for the Legends NFT are made up of our favorite Legendary traits across the Solana ecosystem. We'll be creating traits on an on-going basis not to mention themed seasons for things like Christmas and Halloween. So I've [created a channel](https://discord.com/channels/1190413756325429268/1213941403860734033) for @Certified-Legends where we can all start discussing the traits you'd like to see on your NFTs. everyone has their favorites so let's Choose ours.

LFG! :rocket::rocket::rocket: